Add a note for CDIDataImportCronOutdated in disconnected enviroments (#78)
kubevirt/monitoring: docs/runbooks/CDIDataImportCronOutdated.md

        storageClassName: rook-ceph-block
```

### Disconnected Environment

> For a cluster installed in a disconnected environment, the default golden images can't be polled because they are out of reach, thus the alert will be fired.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a cluster installed in a restricted network, the default golden images cannot be polled because they are out of reach, thus the alert will be fired.  
```

Author: Changing.
But aren't "disconnected environment" and "restricted network" synonyms?

> In that case, it is encouraged to disable the feature gate `enableCommonBootImageImport` to opt-out from automatic updates of the common data import cron templates and refrain from this alert being fired.  

Reviewer: I'd add a link to HCO docs about this.

Author: added.

Reviewer 2: Dummy question - you are limited to use a local registry, but why must you disable the feature gate?

Author: Disabling the feature gate in a disconnected environment is not a "must", it is just encouraged, to avoid the alert being fired, and to avoid the cluster being uselessly attempting to reach the default sources, since internet connection is out of reach for these environments.

This can be done by patching the HyperConverged CR:
```bash

> $ kubectl patch hco kubevirt-hyperconverged -n $CDI_NAMESPACE --type json -p '[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/featureGates/enableCommonBootImageImport", "value": false}]' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kubectl patch hco kubevirt-hyperconverged -n $HCO_NAMESPACE --type json -p '[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/featureGates/enableCommonBootImageImport", "value": false}]' 
```

Author: I wanted to reuse the same env var used earlier in the page, and avoid introducing another env var, which has the same value. HCO and CDI are always in the same namespace.
But I'll change as for your suggestion

Reviewer: no no, if you have a good reason, keep it.
I htought it was a typo.
